Y
the monterianos that we need are
coming I'm doing comedy commanded
in black scissors
a pencil ruler and cardboard of the color of
your preference and also any
material you want to decorate
i
The first thing we are going to do in your way
is to draw a rectangle of 20
centimeters
20 centimeters by 10
and once you have your rectangle
of 20 per day
we are going to cut it
since you have your rectangle, we're going to
put aside and now let's do 1
but two centimeters wide
for 10 long
to
2 x
10 let's leave our foamy aside and
let's take our cardboard
and let's make a long life
9 centimeters wide 9 centimeters
wide as long as you want
you can be two halves you can
to serve
and the fat ones and you have your strip
cropped 9 centimeters wide you're going
to make marks
9 centimeters left
up and down
and about two points
to form squares of 9 cm
you will do it throughout all your
life since you have your strips and checked if
you have a bit left over, cut it out and
now let's fold it by the lines
doing a zig zag one back
and one ahead
can you help like a
with your scissors to mark the folds
and so on until you have like an accordion or
like a worm
well once you have to throw like this
doubled I'll explain you well
that are up front
outward like that is from your right
I did not go here
and we are going to take our
like me
and let's put it
so in half in a half of the
fomin
we are going to stick it with liquid silicone
I forgot to tell you that we were going to occupy
Liquid silicone
or it can be the glue of your
preference can also be silicone
hot
enough for it to stick well
i
we're
never
and we are going to paste our
2 centimeters strips
outside
well about half the comic
and we are going to close our album
and today I am very distracted
let's also occupy a bit a
little piece of Velcro forgiveness
this is the velcro or also what is
call contact the one that sticks if in a
side knows a hundred and the average deposits
we are going to occupy only a bit that
we are going to put it in this part
and point
with silicone
and we also put silicon on top of the
another velcro
and we close like that and we 're going to let it dry
well once you have dried you can
decorate I put a flower like this
that the best and know how to do it
we opened
and in to be our long strip
that you equal every space you can
decorate
and here in this part we can put
when you take a photo of group is
that everyone sits on their sidewalks or
all stand are seated and the
men are standing and the teacher in
you can put it on your computer
how we join 9 by 9 8 by 8 the glue and
in each compartment of these in each
little box
because in front
and from behind
you can write all your classmates
they can decorate the you
they can be if they have many companions
you can do 21 blue for those who
write pure men and 1 rose so that
write you for women or you can also
be 3 to write all the
teachers
and so we have left
and you will have a good memory of your
companions in those times of school that
I hope you liked it as well as
my typical notebook but I got a
good idea without making it small
and you can be a lot more
long you can join two
Well I hope you liked it if it's
so I gave it is up but down
subscribe and comment and you know we
we see in the following video